 # CS320-TestAutomation

During this class I learned that there is only one real that you can make sure that the software product you are delivering is functional and secure and that is through testing. This term is an umbrella concept that encompasses everything from function requirements test, beta testing, testing edge cases, continuous integration testing and the list goes on.
Using a requirements document given to a developer toward the beginning of the SDLC, the developer can properly assess the needs of the client and the program itself. Personally, I like to make sure that not only are each of the primary needs met that are displayed and put forth in the requirements documentation, but I also like to make sure that the test cases against the initial requirements are met with edge case test that many never think of. Such as re checking the validity of an argument that is supposed to update an existing object in my current program. 
I approach designing software in the stages of the engineering process. I define the problem that needs to be solved and I do research on the solution. After that I make small mockups or spike projects that help me gain/reinforce a baseline set of skills before I ultimately start building a working model/prototype. During all of this I am continuously test in, whether it be my code or just the logical steps I am taking toward my end goal. Finally, I record my results and share and take any feedback with a grain of salt to make sure that I can objectively look at what I might have done wrong.
